Adding documentation to aid team in triaging FIPS Test Failures (#203008)
elastic/kibana: dev_docs/tutorials/debugging_fips_test_failures.mdx

With these overrides, the assumptions that the tests make about the environment are no longer valid, and some tests fail. For instance, if a test is asserting that a certain feature is not
available with a basic license, that test will fail in the FIPS pipeline as the license is forced to true.

### How do we discern between test failures resulting from FIPS overrides and actually FIPS/OpenSSL errors?

For an override related error the `expect(...)` will usually fail with typical errors, such as "expected 404, got 200", or it may be more subtle, but related to the subject of the test.

For a FIPS/OpenSSL error, the error will be more cryptic/the test will fail to run, usually something like "digital envelope routines::unsupported". Generally these are related to Node.js's crypto module.

If you are unsure, please reach out to the Security team for guidance at `#kibana-security` in Slack.

### Skipping failing tests due to FIPS overrides

If you have determined that the test in question is failing due to the FIPS overrides, you can skip the test by adding the `this.tags('skipFIPS')` tag to the nearest possible `describe` block in the suite.

> You may need to create a new `describe` block so that the minimum amount of tests are skipped. Ensure the `describe` block is not using an arrow function.

Reviewer: Nit: Just personal preference to rephrase with stronger language about minimizing skipped tests. Also, maybe move the part about not using an arrow function up to the above paragraph as more of a general disclaimer.

```suggestion
It is imperative to skip only the tests that are affected by FIPS overrides. If necessary, create a new `describe` block to isolate the affected tests. Ensure the `describe` block is not using an arrow function.
```

requires a Platinum or better license, and requires the Security plugin to be enabled.

In order to ensure parity between the FIPS-compliant mode and the standard mode,
Kibana has a nightly pipeline that runs as many tests as possible to ensure that Kibana is FIPS compliant.

### Why do we skip some tests?

As Kibana's FIPS mode requires a Platinum or better license and the Security plugin to be enabled, Kibana's test suite configuration is overridden to meet these requirements.

With these overrides, the assumptions that the tests make about the environment are no longer valid, and some tests fail. For instance, if a test is asserting that a certain feature is not
available with a basic license, that test will fail in the FIPS pipeline as the license is forced to true.

### How do we discern between test failures resulting from FIPS overrides and actually FIPS/OpenSSL errors?

For an override related error the `expect(...)` will usually fail with typical errors, such as "expected 404, got 200", or it may be more subtle, but related to the subject of the test.

See the image below for an example of a test failure due to the license type being overridden:

> ![image][./fips_test_failure_license_override_example.png]

Author: Question: @jeramysoucy do you know if this will display properly in the docs? In the rich diff view it just shows the markdown

Reviewer: I _think_ this will work. But I am not an MDX expert.

> The FIPS overrides can be found in the [fips_overrides.ts](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/542a56b4829643d05c47bcc47485dd9baaacea32/packages/kbn-test/src/functional_tests/lib/fips_overrides.ts) file.

Author: Adding link to overrides

cc @jeramysoucy
